---
title: "😨 1.3 Name Your Fear"
metaTitle: "Name Your Fear"
metaDescription: ""
---

>*The most dangerous of all behaviors may consist of doing things "because we're supposed to" - Marshall Rosenberg* 

## 📝 What's your deepest fear?
```javascript react-live=true
"Use following prompt to write your answer: I'm afraid of.... because...[any motivation you can think of].(e.g. I'm afraid that if I quit my bullshit job because I think I will ended up even more miserable because I couldn't sustain myself.) "
```

## 🧤 What are the Needs behind our Fears? 
Rosenberg listed 6 motivations that preventing us to take action to change the course of our life. None of them are our **actual needs** but **strategies** to satisfy our needs. I will use quitting job as an example to explain the following motivations. 
### 💰 For Money
The statement of "I can't quit my job because I have to pay my rent" can always be translated to "I choose to use my current job as a mean to support myself financially". When you think that way, doors start to open. Maybe I could moved out from my expensive apartment and moved in with family, and start a part-time job in the transition period. Maybe I could try to do some hustles, meeting new friends in the communities to figure out what I really want to do with my life etc. 
### ✅ For Approval
Traditional Schools and societies have trained us to be a "good person". We always do things that make other people like us but ended up ignoring our own very happiness - "If I gave up this fancy job title, everyone else would think me as looser." Cognitive dissonance always occurs when we other people admiring the job we hate doing. There's a big emotional difference between this and when people actually appreciating the works we love doing. 
### 🏃 To Escape Punishment 
Maybe you're on H1B and you may be forced to leave the country after period ends, maybe you signed some agreement upfront where leaving the company will cost you a lot of money, you name it, that restrained us from taking the action that could potentially make us happy in the future.  
### 😕 To Avoid Shame
Before you got some disappointing stares from your parents or loved ones, you might already start to questioning yourself about your own decision. Why can't I just have a normal job just like everyone else? What's wrong with myself? 
### 💼 To Satisfy a Sense of Duty
When we're using phases like "should, have to, ought, must, can't, supposed to" etc, we are parting away from our actual needs. When I continue to do the bullshit jobs that are not aligned with my own values and could even potentially be harmful to the society and keep telling myself that it can only be this way, I have necessarily killed my joy and growth with my own hands. It can also be extremely dangerous when they often occurred in military commands that numbed people's emotions and killed tens of thousands of people without an eye blink. 

## 📝 You turn! What's your need behind your fears?

```javascript react-live=true
"Trying to translate 'Have to' to 'Choose to'. What do you do in your life that you don't experience as playful? List any activity you dread but do anyway because you perceive yourself to have no choice. And try to use the following prompt: I choose to do .... because I want...[your needs]"
```
